docs: `$dbg` statement docs (#20598)
vlang/v: doc/docs.md

See also [Cross Compilation](#cross-compilation).

## Debugger

> To use the native *V debugger* you must to use the `$dbg` statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the native *V debugger*, add the `$dbg` statement to your source, where you want the debugger to be invoked.
```

```V
fn main() {
	a := 1
	$dbg
}
```

Running this V code, you will get the debugger REPL break when the execution 
reaches the `$dbg` statement.

```
$ v run example.v
Break on [main] main in bug.v:3
example.v:3 vdbg> 
```

> In this point, lets know the possible debugger commands. For such, just type 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this point, debugger is now available. To see the available commands, type 
```

> ?, h or help. (We have a completion for commands - Non-Windows only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?, h or help. (Completion for commands works - Non-Windows only)
```

```
example.v:3 vdbg> ?
vdbg commands:
  anon?                 check if the current context is anon
  bt                    prints a backtrace
  c, continue           continue debugging
  generic?              check if the current context is generic
  heap                  show heap memory usage
  h, help, ?            show this help
  l, list [lines]       show some lines from current break (default: 3)
  mem, memory           show memory usage
  method?               check if the current context is a method
  m, mod                show current module name
  p, print <var>        prints an variable
  q, quit               exits debugging session in the code
  scope                 show the vars in the current scope
  u, unwatch <var>      unwatches a variable
  w, watch <var>        watches a variable
```

Lets try the `scope` command, to inspect the current scope context.

```
example.v:3 vdbg> scope
a = 1 (int)
```

Cool! We have the variable name, its value and its type name.

> What about printing only a variable not whole scope?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What about printing only a variable, not the whole scope?
```

> Just use `p a` for such.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just type `p a`.
```

> For watching a variable by its name, use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To watch a variable by its name, use:
```

`w a` (where `a` is the variable name)

> For unwatching the variable, use `u a`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop watching the variable, use `u a`.
```

Lets see more one example:

```
fn main() {
	for i := 0; i < 4; i++ {
		$dbg
	}
}
```

Running again, we'll get:
Break on [main] main in example.v:3

If we want to read the source code context, we can use the `l` or `list` command.

```
example.v:3 vdbg> l
0001  fn main() {
0002    for i := 0; i < 4; i++ {
0003>           $dbg
0004    }
0005  }
```

The default is read 3 lines before and 3 lines after, but you can 
pass a parameter to the command to read more lines, like `l 5`.

Now, lets watch the variable changing on this loop.

```
example.v:3 vdbg> w i
i = 0 (int)
```

> So to continues to the next breakpoint, type `c` or `continue` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To continue to the next breakpoint, type `c` or `continue` command.
```

```
example.v:3 vdbg> c
Break on [main] main in example.v:3
i = 1 (int)
```

> The `i` variable is automatically printed, because it is in the watch list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`i` is automatically printed, because it is in the watch list.
```

> To continue repeat the last command issued, in this case the `c` command, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To repeat the last command issued, in this case the `c` command, 
```

just hit the *enter* key.

```
example.v:3 vdbg> 
Break on [main] main in example.v:3
i = 2 (int)
example.v:3 vdbg> 
Break on [main] main in example.v:3
i = 3 (int)
example.v:3 vdbg>
```

> You can also see the memory usage with `mem` or `memory` command. And to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also see memory usage with `mem` or `memory` command, and
```

example.v:3 vdbg> 
```

At this point, execution is halted, and the debugger is now available.

To see the available commands, type 

> ?, h or help. (We have a completion for commands - Non-Windows only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
?, h or help. (We have completion for commands - Non-Windows only)
```
